It turns out that you have already planned to frame me.
Just you guys.
Dare to touch my third-rank master
I will first make you a sin of rebellion and victory
Lord Li
This is an arrest warrant signed by the Governor himself
Please come back with us and cooperate with the investigation.
What if I don't cooperate?
What can you do to me?
Oh, why did you just close the door with a shady door?
Chinese people, hurry up and don't move
Yo
Ah Si, did you take out a gun?
Here, let me aim for your heart.
kill in one hit
Wear this dog tag
I really don't know what my last name is?
I urge you to think carefully
You need to know what Jiang Dong's surname is
Whose place is this?
Now get out of here with your people
Yeah, don't go away, right?
Oh then you keep your life
I think it should be you who left your life behind